BD-3957 Error messages for an outdated browser (#9033)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/administrative/access_braze.md

- Safari (version 15.4 or newer)
- Edge (version 87 or newer)

> If your Braze dashboard says you have an unexpected error and your browser console tool shows the error `ReferenceError: structuredClone is not defined`, your browser is outdated. If this error keeps reoccurring, uninstall and re-install your browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your Braze dashboard says you have an unexpected error and your browser console tool shows the error `ReferenceError: structuredClone is not defined`, your browser is outdated. If this error keeps reoccurring, uninstall and reinstall your browser.
```
